Support ALPN for TCP + TLS routers (#8913)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/routing/routers/index.md

    The rule is evaluated "before" any middleware has the opportunity to work, and "before" the request is forwarded to the service.

!!! important "ALPN ACME-TLS/1"

>     The `ALPN` matcher cannot be used to match the ACME-TLS/1 protocol.
>     It is not allowed to guarantee that the ACME TLS challenges initiated by Traefik could not be intercepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It would be a security issue to let a user-defined router catch the response to
    an ACME TLS challenge previously initiated by Traefik.
    For this reason, the `ALPN` matcher is not allowed to match the ACME-TLS/1
    protocol, and Traefik returns an error if this is attempted.
```
